Archive and compare iterations.log for implicit coupling (#743)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/743.md

> - Archived `precice-*-iterations.log` files into `iterations-logs/` during system tests and compared them against reference copies for implicit-coupling regression checks ([#743](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/743)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a feature to archive `precice-*-iterations.log` files into `iterations-logs/` during system tests and to compare them against reference copies for implicit-coupling regression checks ([#743](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/743)).
```

Author: done thanks
